function_name                           program_type                            compile error       compile warning     allowed
bpf_map_lookup_elem                     cgroup/dev                              no                  no                  yes
bpf_map_update_elem                     cgroup/dev                              no                  no                  yes
bpf_map_delete_elem                     cgroup/dev                              no                  no                  yes
bpf_probe_read                          cgroup/dev                              no                  no                  no
bpf_ktime_get_ns                        cgroup/dev                              no                  no                  yes
bpf_trace_printk                        cgroup/dev                              yes                 no                  yes
bpf_get_prandom_u32                     cgroup/dev                              no                  no                  yes
bpf_get_smp_processor_id                cgroup/dev                              no                  no                  yes
bpf_skb_store_bytes                     cgroup/dev                              no                  yes                 no
bpf_l3_csum_replace                     cgroup/dev                              no                  yes                 no
bpf_l4_csum_replace                     cgroup/dev                              no                  yes                 no
bpf_tail_call                           cgroup/dev                              no                  no                  yes
bpf_clone_redirect                      cgroup/dev                              no                  yes                 no
bpf_get_current_pid_tgid                cgroup/dev                              no                  no                  yes
bpf_get_current_uid_gid                 cgroup/dev                              no                  no                  yes
bpf_get_current_comm                    cgroup/dev                              no                  no                  yes
bpf_get_cgroup_classid                  cgroup/dev                              no                  yes                 yes
bpf_skb_vlan_push                       cgroup/dev                              no                  yes                 no
bpf_skb_vlan_pop                        cgroup/dev                              no                  yes                 no
bpf_skb_get_tunnel_key                  cgroup/dev                              no                  yes                 no
bpf_skb_set_tunnel_key                  cgroup/dev                              no                  yes                 no
bpf_perf_event_read                     cgroup/dev                              no                  no                  no
bpf_redirect                            cgroup/dev                              no                  no                  no
bpf_get_route_realm                     cgroup/dev                              no                  yes                 no
bpf_perf_event_output                   cgroup/dev                              no                  no                  yes
bpf_skb_load_bytes                      cgroup/dev                              no                  no                  no
bpf_get_stackid                         cgroup/dev                              no                  no                  no
bpf_csum_diff                           cgroup/dev                              no                  no                  no
bpf_skb_get_tunnel_opt                  cgroup/dev                              no                  yes                 no
bpf_skb_set_tunnel_opt                  cgroup/dev                              no                  yes                 no
bpf_skb_change_proto                    cgroup/dev                              no                  yes                 no
bpf_skb_change_type                     cgroup/dev                              